Link Mode Kotlin Docs (#1624)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/walletkit/android/link-mode.mdx

# Link Mode

> WalletKit link mode is a low latency mechanism for transporting 1-click auth requests and session requests over universal links, eliminating the need for a WebSocket connection with the Relay. This significantly enhances the user experience when connecting native dApps to native wallets by reducing the latency associated with networking connections, especially when the user has an unstable internet connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WalletKit link mode is a low latency mechanism for transporting One-Click Auth requests and session requests over universal links, reducing the need for a WebSocket connection with the Relay. This significantly enhances the user experience when connecting native dApps to native wallets by reducing the latency associated with networking connections, especially when the user has an unstable internet connection.
```

To support link mode add universal link for your wallet in Cloud project configuration dashboard, configure your AppMetaData `appLink` with a valid universal link and set the `linkMode` property to `true`:

```kotlin
 val appMetaData = Core.Model.AppMetaData(
    ...
    appLink = "https://example.com/example_wallet",
    linkMode = true
)

CoreClient.initialize(
   metaData: appMetaData,
    ...
)

Web3Wallet.initialize(Wallet.Params.Init(core = CoreClient))
```

Once link mode and app link are properly configured and the user interacts with a link mode supporting dApp, your wallet will receive requests over app links. You must pass these requests to WalletKit so it can process them:

```kotlin
val url = intent.dataString

> Web3Wallet.dispatchEnvelope(url) { error -> 

Reviewer: technical question: is is possible to have this code inside our SDK? So the devs don't need to add this extra step of passing the requests manually to WalletKit

Reviewer: Another tech question: if the url doesn't contain topic/wc_ev -> Do we throw an error or just discard the request?

I think we shouldn't throw an error. Imagine the case of an app that uses universal links for other features not related to link mode, we shouldn't throw errors on those cases

Author: > is is possible to have this code inside our SDK? So the devs don't need to add this extra step of passing the requests manually to WalletKit
I don't think so, it works in a way that devs have to register an intent filter with a given schema so the system knows which app to trigger and pass URL within that intent.  Then on the app level, devs has to read URL from that intent and pass that URL to dispatchEnvelope method

>  if the url doesn't contain topic/wc_ev -> Do we throw an error or just discard the request?
The error will be thrown when env type is not included in the URL.

> I think we shouldn't throw an error. Imagine the case of an app that uses universal links for other features not related to link mode, we shouldn't throw errors on those cases
Why would some app use this method for some other feature? This method is explicitly designed for LinkMode integration, so if someone doesn't follow rules/documentation it wouldn't work, hence error is thrown

Reviewer: > Then on the app level, devs has to read URL from that intent and pass that URL to dispatchEnvelope method
In my case, i was able to put this URL listener inside the SDK. So the user only has to change the manifest to allow intents, everything else is handled by the sdk

that's why i ask if it could be done in your sdk too

Author: I'm not aware if it's possible on Android. What did you use on RN? Maybe there's an equivalent?

Reviewer: In RN i can add a listener for `URL` events from anywhere, so i implemented that logic inside the SDK

Something like this:
```
const subscription = Linking.addEventListener('url', ({url}) => {
    if(isLinkModeURL(url)) {
       this.dispatchEnvelope(url)
    }
});
```

Author: I cannot find sth similar on Android, they recommend using intent-filters and Manifest approach

    //handle error
}
```

Ensure to handle incoming app links in your Activity onCreate method and in onNewIntent callback.

Ensure that your App Link is properly configured in your app's Manifest file with the `autoVerify` set to `true`:

```
<intent-filter android:autoVerify="true">
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
    <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
    <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />

    <data
        android:host="your_host"
        android:scheme="https">
</intent-filter>
```

For more information on how to configure app links for your app, refer to the [Android Documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/verify-android-applinks).

For enabling links to app content check [this](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking) documentation page. 

> For more information on how to interact with other apps using intents, see [Adnroid Intetn Documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/basics/intents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to interact with other apps using intents, see [Android Intent Documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/basics/intents)
```
